README.md, before:

# VirtualCAmer

This project provides an Android APK starter that lets you configure an OBS RTMP endpoint and toggle
controls for audio, video, live streaming, and decoder mode.

## What this app does today
- Collects RTMP server URL + stream key.
- Accepts a virtual camera device path for rooted devices/emulators (for example, `/dev/video0`).
- Provides switches for audio, video, and live streaming.
- Provides a soft/hard decoder mode selector.
- Shows the chosen configuration in a status block.

## Virtual camera setup (rooted devices/emulators)
The app expects a v4l2loopback device to exist at the device path you enter. On a rooted emulator or
device, install and create the virtual camera before launching the app:

```bash
su
modprobe v4l2loopback devices=1 video_nr=0 card_label="VirtualCam" exclusive_caps=1
```

Confirm the device exists:

```bash
ls -l /dev/video0
```

When the app is running, enter the device path (for example, `/dev/video0`) in the UI. The app will try
to open the device and forward decoded frames into it. You still need a native bridge that converts the
decoded frames into the raw format expected by v4l2loopback.

## Build
Use Android Studio or Gradle:

```bash
./gradlew assembleDebug
```

The debug APK will be at `app/build/outputs/apk/debug/app-debug.apk`.

Commit message:

Add virtual camera bridge and setup

README.md, after:

# VirtualCAmer

This project provides an Android APK starter that lets you configure an OBS RTMP endpoint and toggle
controls for audio, video, live streaming, and decoder mode.

## What this app does today
- Collects RTMP server URL + stream key.
- Accepts a virtual camera device path for rooted devices/emulators (for example, `/dev/video0`).
- Provides switches for audio, video, and live streaming.
- Provides a soft/hard decoder mode selector.
- Shows the chosen configuration in a status block.

## Virtual camera setup (rooted devices/emulators)
The app now attempts to install the `v4l2loopback` module automatically on startup using `su`. It also
auto-selects the first available `/dev/video*` path (preferring `/dev/video0`). You can still override
the detected device path in the UI if you need to.

When the app is running, it opens the device and forwards decoded frames into it through a JNI bridge.
The native module currently performs a raw write of ARGB frames into the device file, so the output
format may need refinement to match your v4l2loopback expectations.

## Build
Use Android Studio or Gradle:

```bash
./gradlew assembleDebug
```

The debug APK will be at `app/build/outputs/apk/debug/app-debug.apk`.
